[Music]
oh
music keeps
me
[Music]
on you got the
feeling the music is singing
[Music]
yeah
yeah music keeps me dancing
[Music]
music keeps me
dancing music keeps me dancing
[Music]
music keeps
me
on you got the feeling
the music is
[Music]
[Applause]
singing step on the land I've got your
hand and now we way down fade down know
was it your plan can I stand I love the
air you bring
everything I'm need the sun I fire is
burning tell me to hold on
tight I wish that we could stay here
forever I want to
remember oh the sight of you brings the
fight in me makes me want to
move fingers down your spine looking in
my eyes feel your hands on
mine tonight we're free we're free than
ever I want to
remember we run every ende I want to
remember
[Music]
I know it's a game I'm might going to
play but maybe you should do whatever
you need to we just a game you think I'm
going to play but baby you should do
whatever you need
to
baby baby
babab
bab
bab baby you should do whatever
[Music]
you baby you
should need to
[Music]
bab I know keep the game I might going
to play but maybe you should do it you
need to
or just game you think I'm going play
but baby you should do whatever you need
toase
[Music]
baby
bab
baby baby you should do whatever you
need do
just game you think I play but maybe you
should need to
[Music]
to